Toast Simulator!
Simu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/toastsim.png
Simulation,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Mar 16 2024
Mar 19, 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/toastsim

TypeSpeed Test
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/typeseedtest.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jan 3 2025
Jan 3 2025
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/TypeSpeed-Test

Travel Log
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/travellog.png
Tool,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Feb 1 2025
Feb 2 2025
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/Travel-Log/

How Old Are U?
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/howoldareu.png
Casual,Tool,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Mar 15 2024
Feb 8 2025
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/How-Old-Are-U/

On-Hold Simulator
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/onhold-sim.png
Simulation,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Feb 9 2025
Feb 9 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/onhold-sim

Digits of œÄ
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/digitsofpi.png
Tool,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Oct 11 2024
Oct 11 2024
GitHub:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/Digits-of-Pi/

Balls
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/balls.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Feb 24 2024
Feb 24 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/balls

3D Pineapple
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/pineapple-3d.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,3D,Web,PC
Sep 28 2024
Sep 28 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/pineapple-3d

Red
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/red.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Aug 09 2024
Aug 09 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/touched

Car Parks on Google Street View
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/CarParksStreetView.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Aug 17 2024
Aug 17 2024
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/StreetView-CarParks/

Tesco on Google Street View
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/TescoStreetView.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Apr 08 2024
Apr 13 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/tescoonstreetview

Porta Potty Manager
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/pottymanager.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
May 24 2024
May 24 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/pottymanager

A Karens Coming
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/karenscoming.png
Horror,Free,Singleplayer,3D,Download,PC
Dec 27 2024
Jan 18 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/karens-coming

Phone Simulator
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/phonesim.png
Simulation,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Apr 23 2024
Apr 23 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/phonesim

Keyboard Simulator
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/keyboardsim.png
Simulation,Paid,Singleplayer,2D,Download,PC
Apr 07 2024
Jun 05 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/keyboardsim

Mouse Simulator
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/phonesim.png
Simulation,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jun 05 2024
Feb 20 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/mousesim

Garlic or Dalek
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/garlic-dalek.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jun 15 2024
Jul 21 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/garlic-dalek

potato
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/potato.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Apr 09 2024
Apr 20 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/potato

Floating üñïüèª
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/floatingmiddlefinger.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Feb 04 2024
Feb 20 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/floatingmiddlefinger

Elon Musk
Elon Musk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/ElonMusk.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jul 3 2024
Jul 4 2024
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/ElonMusk/

FPS
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/FPS.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jul 3 2024
Jul 4 2024
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/FPS/

Things 2do when Bored
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/bored2dos.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jun 30 2024
Jul 02 2024
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/Thing-2do-when-Bored/

E
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/E.png
Casual,Paid,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jul 25 2023
Feb 20 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/e

Burnt Toast Recipie
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/BurntToast.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Apr 3 2024
Apr 3 2024
Github:https://freddiethepebble.github.io/Burnt-Toast-Recipie/

Where is my Cursor?
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/whereiscursor.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jan 16 2024
Feb 21 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/whereiscursor

Keyboard Drums Kit
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/keyboardrums.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Apr 08 2024
Feb 21 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/keyboardrums

Flip
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/flip.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Aug 21 2023
Feb 21 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/line

Flip 2
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/flip2.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
May 19 2024
May 19 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/flip

Taco Doger
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/tacodoge.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Apr 21 2024
Apr 21 2024
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/tacodoge

Convert to Fruit
Description goes here
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FreddieThePebble/PebbleGames/refs/heads/main/icons/games/gamecover/convert2fruit.png
Casual,Free,Singleplayer,2D,Web,PC
Jan 02 2024
Feb 21 2025
itch.io:https://freddiethepebble.itch.io/convert2fruit

